h1(#usaidwat). usaidwat

Are you a Redditor? Do you use Ruby? Do you want to view the subreddits in which a particular user commonly posts? If you answered "yes" to all three of these questions, then *usaidwat* is the gem for you!

h2(#install). Installation

*usaidwat* can be installed via RubyGems:

bc. $ gem install usaidwat

h2(#usage). Usage

A @usaidwat@ binary is installed with the gem. @usaidwat@ will analyze a user's last 100 comments and provide statistics.

To list a Redditor's comments, simply plug in a username:

bc. $ usaidwat jedberg

To list a count of subreddits in which a user has posted, pass the @-t@ flag:

bc. $ usaidwat -t jedberg

You will see output like the following:

bc. AskReddit             7
blog                  26
Frugal                3
Random_Acts_Of_Pizza  11
TheoryOfReddit        3
apple                 1
comics                1
entertainment         4
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu   2
funny                 15
geek                  1
movies                1
pics                  1
politics              4
programming           1
sex                   1
space                 1
technology            2
unitedkingdom         12
videos                1
wikipedia             2

Which indicates that jedberg has commented in @/r/funny@ 15 times (out of his last 100 comments).

To see the comments for a specific subreddit, tack on that subreddit:

bc. $ usaidwat jedberg funny

All the comments for the given subreddit will be printed.

h2(#testing). Testing

Test suites can be run with RSpec and Cucumber.
